Bri. can you hand me
that packing tape?
I'm sorry to interrupt while
you're standing there looking mad.
Hey. I'll grab
y'all some waters.
- Thanks. Mom.
- And isn't my baby girl sweet
for having me move in with her?
I am a benevolent queen.
- She takes after her mama!
- That's right.
Can't believe you tricked
me into coming here.
Bri. you look so
pretty. You're glowing.
Of course I'm glowing.
I put on my glowy sunscreen because
you said we were going to the beach.
Okay. well. we're in
Long Beach. that counts.
You know having my mom move in
with me is really hard. all right?
- I need some support from my broskies.
- I know.
I know you're stressed out.
but look at it this way.
at least you'll finally get
good at having sex quietly.
I don't know how to take that.
- Here ya go.
- Mrs. Evans.
- you're a churchgoing woman. right?
- Yes.
If I tell you I'm a
homosexual. may I be excused?
- Nice try. bitch.
- Language.
Gabitha! I'm shocked.
And. baby. you gonna be
in charge of my clothes.
All right.
Kind of a stereotype.
Son of a bitch.
What's with the shaky leg?
Or are you mocking me?
I'm just trying to get the
courage to say something.
Sounds juicy.
Well. let me know when you're
ready to stop being a chickenshit.
Okay.
You once said that I could
either let my grief drown me.
or I could come
out the other side.
Yeah.
And I'm not fully out yet.
but I can see the light.
I think I'm done with therapy.
And I know what
you're gonna say.
"No one is ever
done with therapy."
Because. yes. you
sound like Batman.
I do that on purpose.
It's called gravitas.
I'm just thinking it's time for
me to start doing this on my own.
at least for a little while.
Are you mad?
No.
In fact. I'm deeply proud.
And if you ever feel you need
me. I'll be here for you.
I know.
And. Paul...
You're welcome.
What. you thought you were gonna get away
with not paying for your last session?
Please.
The good stuff.
Shit.
Who died?
You don't get to make jokes like
that around people of my age.
I'll never forget so many
things about my husband.
And when Elliot loved you.
you just never had to doubt
it. even for a second.
And that's how
I'll remember him.
Thank you all for coming.
At least you two don't have
to sneak around anymore.
I was trying to
lighten the mood.
When you're gonna do that at
a funeral. it should be funny.
I thought that was pretty
solid material. Paul.
Thank you for coming with me.
Of course.
I wouldn't miss your boss's
girlfriend's husband's funeral.
Can you believe how hot
Julie looks in black?
- I want that white lady bad.
- I'd watch that.
- Hey.
- Jesus Christ.
At least those two don't have
to sneak around anymore. right?
See that. Paul?
Paul. Funny.
- What's funny?
- I don't know.
Okay.
Hope it's not weird. you
know. us hanging out.
since I was the last
guy who she was with.
No. it doesn't bother me.
It's okay if it does.
It doesn't. but thanks.
- Cool.
- Cool. cool. cool.
- Cool. c-cool. cool.
Really?
This is making me sad.
I get it.
- Hey. thanks for coming. You too. Brian.
- Course.
Don't thank him. He skipped the
service. He just came for the food.
- Jealous?
- Yes.
Also. I wanna let you know
since the house is already sold.
you can go ahead and put
those funds into a trust
- for Elliot's daughter and grandkids.
- Thank you.
I know that's what
he would've wanted.
You sold the house? Where
are you gonna live now?
She's gonna crash with me for a couple
days until she figures something out.
Well. thanks again. pal.
- Yeah.
- All right.
- Wow.
- She's gonna crash with you
- for a few days?
- A few days?
- That's some cold-ass shit. Paul.
- I am shaken to my core.
- That was. like. so disturbing.
- Haunting.
What we're doing
right now is working.
Don't forget I haven't lived with
another human being for 30...
What are you doing? ...thirty
years. What is that?
It's a big flapping pussy 'cause
that's what you're being right now.
Flap. flap. flap.
flappity. flap. flap. Paul.
That's also haunting.
- I bet. Check this out.
- Don't bring it over to me.
- I don't want that. I don't want...
- Hey. Hey.
We're at a funeral.
When Alice turns 18. you will
be an adult who has an adult.
How is this blowing your mind?
Your dad has an adult.
Holy shit.
You guys talking about my
birthday? What are you getting me?
I'm baking you a cake.
Would you like
chocolate or yellow?
Surprise me. but yellow.
I know what you should get me.
Come on. Dad. It's just a car.
"Just a car." I love
white family dynamics.
Look. I'm sorry. kid. My insurance
would go through the roof.
Okay.
Well. it was worth a shot.
- Would you give it one more think?
- Nope.
What if I paid for gas?
With what?
- It's egregious to me. honestly.
- No. it's horrible.
Get Alice a fucking car.
I know how much
you make. cheapo.
You're a narc. Sean!
I'm fine with it.
All right. fembots. disengage.
I'm getting Alice a car.
I just told her no so
I could surprise her.
That's sweet. Okay.
I like you again.
I haven't decided yet.
Her last birthday
sucked. That's on me.
Yeah. when you knocked
on my door. drunk.
asking if you could
borrow a birthday cake?
- I remember what I did. Liz.
- Do you?
Well. not all of it.
It's probably healthy for me to
have some secrets from myself.
Look. she's always been obsessed
with the yellow MINI Cooper
her mom had in college. so
I'm looking for one of those.
I'm back on your team.
But when's the party?
She has her own plans. Liz.
She doesn't wanna celebrate her 18th
birthday with her dad and his friends.
- Who cares what she wants? She owes us.
- That shit is...
- It is not for her. It's for us.
- No. We're getting one.
- We're getting one.
- Okay.
- We getting one for damn sure.
- Yeah. For damn sure.
For damn sure.
Okay.
- We gotta plan this party.
- All right.
- Derek. Derek coming through.
- Derek!
- Hey. Jorge.
- Hey. Yeah. what can I get ya?
Sorry. I'm Derek.
- I'll have the usual.
- All right.
I'm just trying to decide
if I want one or two.
Get two. babe. You're
my big. hungry guy.
- Really?
- Yeah.
You heard the lady.
Relax. I'll go bring it to you.
Okay.
Thank you.
Hey. what the hell was that?
Not looking for input.
Hello. Not sure why he
just got to cut the line.
Excuse me. chunky necklace.
Nobody asked you.
But thank you so much
for policing the line.
You're doing such a great job.
Really. Really. A-plus.
Wow.
Whatever you want is on me.
All right. young lady.
Let's get down to business.
Obviously. your upcoming
birthday means a lot
- to both Liz and I...
- Liz and me.
We said we were gonna be
on the same page today.
- Just say it properly.
- All right.
Obviously. your upcoming birthday
means a lot to Liz and me.
Thank you.
We just wanna start by
saying that we love you.
- We're coming with an aggressive offer.
- Yes we are.
Full sit-down dinner. cake and
presents after. cocktail attire.
7:00 to 10:30.
I'm gonna counter with standing
in the kitchen eating cake
in sweats.
no presents being opened.
4:30 to 4:35.
Well. that's bullshit.
- You calm down.
- That's fucking bullshit.
I know it's bullshit.
She playing right now.
We anticipated this.
I'm gonna hit you
with a counteroffer.
One hour cake. smart casual. and
you open Liz and my presents only.
Mention the pregaming.
We also want 20 minutes with
you while you're getting ready.
You try on an outfit of our choosing
while we give you advice on being a woman.
And you ask us to go out with
you and your friends after.
but you have to act
like you mean it
and be really disappointed
when we politely decline.
Okay.
Brief pregame. 45-minute
party and we have a deal.
- What do you think?
- I don't like it.
I don't like it either.
but this is what we got.
- We're gonna make the deal.
- Okay.
- We're gonna take your dumb-ass deal...
- Yeah?
- But we're not happy about it. Yes.
- No.
Okay. deal.
- Come on.
- Deal.
All right. if I'm gonna party with
the old people. I'm inviting Paul.
- What?
- Yeah. but... What?
No. he's gonna harsh my buzz.
Stop. he's gonna be excited.
Fuck.
Can't wait.
Thanks for coming with me.
- I'm a terrible negotiator.
- Yep.
I'm very good at it.
Hey. Jimmy?
- Jimmy. Yeah.
- Sofi.
- Hi. nice to meet you.
- Hi.
Yeah. you too. Feel
free to take a look.
Okay.
What you got in
here? A six? Eight?
Couple of V's? I know
nothing about cars.
- Yeah.
- Okay. my time to shine.
They made a surplus
of the 2004s.
This one's not exactly mint.
What do you want for it?
Well. I'm asking 5.000.
Sold.
I was just expecting
some more back-and-forth.
I was too.
I am gonna go get the paperwork.
Get on it. Hey.
What happened there. buddy?
No wedding ring. modest
house. kid's bike in the yard.
You really want me to shake down
some nice. single. and.
by the way. very cute mom
just for a couple
hundred bucks. Jimmy?
You spend that on lotion.
So. when you said that you were
a good negotiator. you meant...
- Morally good. Yeah.
- Right.
D-man out!
Okay. so I know we focused
on my anxiety last week.
but I can't remember if I told you
how much I sweat when it gets bad.
And I have a job interview today. and
I didn't bring a change of clothes.
You wanna get that job. we're gonna
have to work on how you enter a room.
- Yes.
- Oh. shit. Therapy with the door open?
- Girl. you are frazzled.
- Oh. my God.
Don't smell that.
And why are you still
bringing your baby to therapy?
We love you. We
think you're cute.
but it's harder to do the work
when you're here. Yes. it is.
Normally I pay my
aunt to watch him.
but she can't because she got
drunk and fell off her Peloton.
And now her flank is. like. so
inflamed. so you can't really blame her.
You absolutely can blame her.
What the hell are you gonna
do now with your interview?
How I wish I knew someone
who didn't have a patient
from 12:00 to 1:00.
Never in a million.
billion years. No.
I don't get why so many white women
adopt Black babies. This guy's fine.
Let me get a hit of that shit.
- Hi. baby boy.
- Yeah.
- And you're so comfortable with him.
- Hi.
You think that eventually.
I'll be that comfortable?
No.
Hey.
Hi. Meet your son.
Not buying it.
But if it's Jimmy's. tell
him it doesn't bother me.
What is that? Is that a baby?
- Obviously.
- What are all you people doing here?
Yeah. I just came here
to take Gaby to lunch.
And you called me and
asked me to come here.
Be older.
Are you really gonna be
this mad when I'm this cute?
Get out of my office.
you little bald fuck.
- He's the worst.
- Jesus.
You. give me a minute.
What do you think
they're talking about?
I don't know.
I'm very fond of Gaby.
What are your intentions?
What. are we in an old
movie or something?
I'm serious.
Are you a good guy.
or are you a bad guy?
I think I'm a good guy.
You know. I love my family.
I pay taxes.
I recycle. like. even the batteries.
which are. like. a bitch to get rid of.
You know what I'm saying?
Are you frozen?
What's happening?
Okay. all jokes aside. I
think Gaby is incredible
and I feel like I've been waiting
to meet her for a really long time.
- That's the answer I was looking for.
- Okay.
You can go back inside now.
All right.
Well. it was nice to meet...
well. meet and be
threatened by you.
Gaby. lunch?
Sorry. I can't.
I gotta watch my
patient's baby. you know?
Classic Gaby.
Paul. You were quite rude.
I think you need to
apologize to the baby.
My bad.
Okay. I finally
found the spare key.
but I can't get this
other one off the ring.
It might be a house key. so I'm
just gonna have to trust you
not to come back. peel off my
skin. and wear it as a coat.
I will not.
I can't speak for my daughter.
though. This is her big birthday gift
and she hungers for blood. so...
An old. yellow MINI Cooper.
You and your wife must hate her.
I'm gonna say something now that's
gonna make you feel bad and...
and act weird so. I'm gonna ask
you to try really hard not to.
My wife is dead.
Of course she is.
Cool. I mean not cool.
- My ex-husband is dead.
- Really?
To me. That was bad.
I do that joke a lot. but
I say it in a funnier way.
I go. "He's dead to me."
- No. that's the same thing.
- That's the same thing. Yeah.
Well. I'm sorry
it ended so badly.
but at least you got that
awesome joke out of it.
- You should go on the road with that.
- It usually works pretty well.
- Does it? Yeah.
- Yeah. not now. but it does.
Cool.
What happened?
You know that thing
where you're like.
"I'm so lucky that my best
friend and my husband get along"?
Yeah. Now I drop my kid off at
her house every other weekend.
I helped hang that bitch's wallpaper.
There's not a single bubble in it.
That's rough.
What is the most embarrassing
thing you realized
you didn't know how to
do without your wife?
Sorry. I'm not used
to people engaging.
Usually. everybody just
runs from this topic.
- Well. not me. I double down. so...
- I see that.
I didn't know how
to pay my mortgage.
- Yeah.
- That's a big one.
Yeah. I thought that if
I waited long enough.
they would be cool and come
find me. which they did.
They were not cool.
What was your wife's name?
- Tia.
- That's a really nice name.
It's a really nice name.
Okay. this is gonna sound
crazy. but do you ever think
that your wife dying might be
better than what happened to me?
- Well...
- No.
- No?
- No. Li...
- Okay. I can say this.
- It's... Okay.
I feel like you and I can both be
sad without this being a competition.
- Hear me out. okay?
- Okay.
- All right.
- All right?
Any good memory that I have
of my husband is tainted.
Okay? They're gone.
But I bet you have. like. a million
amazing memories of your wife
and you get to
keep them forever.
- Yeah. Yeah. I do.
- Yeah.
- Yeah. I win. I'm the winner.
- Fuck.
- you won.
- Yes.
Yeah. I have so
much anger. okay?
I'm... I feel like
I'm... like I'm stuck.
You know. it's probably gonna be
easier for you to move on eventually.
You don't seem like you
have that much anger.
- No?
- No.
You seem like you have
the right amount of anger.
Sometimes for me. moving
on feels impossible.
Well. don't say impossible.
- I'm gonna go now...
- Okay.
Because I have a
therapy session.
Well. thank God. Yeah. Keep
doing the good work. right?
I'm the therapist.
- But. "thank God"?
- Yeah.
I meant. "Thank God. they
have you to do that work."
Hey...
It was really nice meeting you.
You too.
This is why you called me here?
Who at the funeral even
told you about Bitcoin?
Break it up. you two.
What did you mean
by "classic Gaby"?
- Here. watch him.
- What if he gets hungry?
What? You got nipples.
Whip a titty out.
You. say what you
mean. all right?
You wanna mix it up. Paul?
Let's mix it up. Let's go.
Okay. let's mix it up.
- Great.
- All right.
It is classic Gaby to allow
yourself to be manipulated
into taking care of
someone else's problem.
So. helping somebody else out for
an hour means that I'm a mess?
You need to eat more fiber. Paul.
'cause that's some weak shit.
You keep using every excuse
to put everyone else's
needs before your own.
You used that baby to skip lunch
with one of the most attractive
men I have ever seen.
And I'm saying this as
a very attractive man.
This is exactly what
you're doing with your mom.
You and I both know
you do not want
- your mother to live with you.
- Dude.
Guys. I'm trying to get him down
for a nap. Could you just shush?
I just shushed someone.
That's a milestone.
You are never going to be happy
until you change this pattern.
You wanna talk about changing patterns.
huh. Mr. "Fortress of Solitude"?
Mr. "You Can Crash At My Place"?
Mr. "I Love You So Much And I
Wanna Be Around You All The Time
But Not If It Means That You Have
To Keep All Your Stuff At My House"?
That last one was
unnecessarily long.
Yeah. I know. I felt
it when I did it.
At least I'm trying to change.
I made a friend this year. and. last
month. we went out for a pastry.
And just recently. I hosted a small
group of people in the office kitchen.
That was 30 seconds ago. and
you just kicked everybody out.
You're saying this
is classic Gaby?
Well. this is classic Paul.
You are so set in your ways.
you're too scared to sack up.
- Scared to sack up?
- Yeah. Yeah. Gotta sack up. Paul.
Why is he crying?
Christ's sake.
He's so beautiful.
- Oh. no.
- Looked me in the eye.
Yeah. So. it's just
the eye contact. huh?
- It's the eye...
- Okay.
Let me get this baby.
'cause this is a lot.
- I'm sorry.
- All right.
What y'all think?
- It's incredible.
- That's amazing.
- Can we move this shit along?
- Holy shit. It's a party. Paul.
Why are you so
cranky all the time?
- Who hurt you?
- My father.
Oh. right. Yes. No. I knew that.
Did you remember the
giant bow for the car?
You asked me to do one thing.
- I'm insulted.
- You forgot.
Almost immediately.
Hey. how was the pregame?
Secrets were told. tears were shed.
and piercings were shown. So...
Yeah. jaws were dropped.
I almost forgot. My friends
are taking me out after this.
Do you two wanna join?
Yes.
No. I can't. But thank
you so much for asking.
Have a seat.
Here.
Yeah. there's a receipt inside.
in case you don't like it.
Which you won't. because I don't know
you and I don't know what you like.
That's so nice.
Whatever it is.
you're gonna love it.
He once gave me a pair of
Nikes that were so cool.
I'm still afraid to wear 'em.
Hey. take it easy on the gifts.
You know. once she opens a
present or lights a candle.
- then the party clock starts.
- Don't.
- Paul. please don't do it. Paul.
- I think he's gonna light it.
Thanks. Paul.
I'm not doing it for you.
That's all right. I am unfazed.
I'm cool as a cucumber.
- So I will begin.
- Yes. Come on.
I just want to say a few words
about my amazing daughter. Alice.
A is for "amazing."
L is for "lucky to be her dad."
Backwards.
This is backwards?
- So to you that's a backwards L?
- Yep.
- And that's forwards?
- Yeah.
- Let's keep it moving.
Come on. Don't focus on it.
- Like. from where we are.
- You got it.
I is for "I should probably stop
because I can tell she hates this."
So much.
- C is for "can't" because...
- Still backwards.
I love watching her squirm.
And E is for "I'm so excited..."
Goddamn it.
- "Excited" was right there.
- It was.
I'm so excited for this new stage of
your journey as you drive off int...
Drive off? Oh. my
God. Oh. my God.
- Come on.
- Really good. Really good.
Oh. my God.
It's just like Mom's.
It's not exactly like Mom's.
We didn't make you in this one.
Dad. you're the best.
I love you so much.
- There is my birthday bitch.
- Hey. Summer.
- Hi.
- You were right.
He got you a car.
Oh. well. At least
I acted surprised.
- Thank you.
- Whoa.
You're gonna have
to sit in the back.
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Hey. hey. hey.
- Hi.
Seat belts.
everybody. Seat belts.
- Okay. bye.
- All right. bye. Bye.
Bye.
She's not coming back. is she?
Maybe not ever.
Why'd you give her the keys?
- We had her for 30 more minutes.
- Hey. no.
That's a selfish.
grown-ass woman.
- You know we taught her well.
- Okay.
You know what? Party's
just getting started.
We got food. we got music. we
can all just hang out together.
- No. Woof. See ya.
- Yeah.
Let's party.
- Let's do shots! Come on!
- Come on. team!
Okay. I'm gonna go get my
favorite beer from the house.
Baby. do you want me
to get it for you?
I'm happy to.
No. I'm good.
Liz. I can't fucking
watch this anymore.
- What?
- You with Derek.
It's unsettling.
It's like straights
playing kickball.
Eat my ass. Brian.
And hate it 'cause I'm a girl.
Thank God. You're
still in there.
This isn't you.
I know.
I am stuck in a shame spiral.
I just... I can't figure
out how to stop it.
I want to show you a picture the
food truck got tagged in today.
"Shrimp Bitch is back!"
Am I the Shrimp Bitch?
That is so sweet.
All the comments are
about how hateful you are.
I know 'cause I'm awesome.
But what does that have
to do with Derek and me?
He misses Shrimp Bitch too.
- He hearted every single comment.
- Really?
No. but I think if he knew how
to use social media. he would.
Take it from someone who
was straight for 20 years.
If you don't find a way to
start being your true self.
you will never enjoy sex again.
- Seriously. dude?
- No. she gets it.
No. I do. I get it.
Eat my ass and I'll hate
it because you're a girl?
That was funny.
I might like it.
So. we'll drop your
car at my place.
and then we'll walk to
birthday under the bridge.
- Perfect.
- And I have drinks.
music and weed for the sobers.
That's awesome.
- You're getting a text.
- Read it to me.
It's from Louis.
"Sorry this is late. Happy birthday.
I'm so glad we got to connect.
but it's probably healthiest for
both of us if we don't speak again."
We're making a stop.
It's a great opportunity for
me to show you how smart I am.
It's an escape room. man.
You're gonna love it.
I really don't think I am.
- I don't get it. They lock you in a room?
- Yeah.
- And you can't get out?
- And you have to do maths problems?
- Yeah.
And you enjoy it?
Nah. I hate that shit.
But maybe this time we'll get out
and we'll get matching T-shirts.
Whoa. you didn't say anything
about matching T-shirts.
- Oh. well. then I'm definitely in.
- It's gonna be great.
Hi.
- Hey. Alice.
- Can we talk?
I would. but I can't
'cause I gotta work.
No. you don't. man.
It's slow. I can close.
- Thanks for reading that so perfectly.
- You're welcome.
You have a new friend.
Is he your bestie?
I guess. in that he's my only.
It is nice to start with
a clean slate though.
I so get that.
I'm happy for you.
Thank you.
I was worried about you when
you didn't text me back.
but you seem good.
Yeah. I'm great.
I mean. look. my life isn't all
bubble gum and doughnuts but.
- you know...
- Nobody says that here.
I don't know what Americans say.
Guns and ammo?
Things are definitely
getting better.
I used to come here with
Sarah every single morning
before she'd go for work.
And we would sit here and guess what
all the people did for a living.
And then after
everything happened.
I would find myself on
this bench for hours.
and every time I'd
see a train coming.
it would take all my strength
not to just get up and...
Anyway.
Why don't you want to
talk to me anymore?
It's weird.
I just think it's
better this way.
I don't believe you.
What did my dad say to you?
- Hey.
- Hi.
- Come on. Here you go. lovely lady.
- Why. thank you. sir.
- But none for you. buddy.
- Actually. I can't.
It's gonna be like an hour drive to
my mom's house and I should get going.
Are you sure you
don't want me to come?
- Yeah. No.
- I'm great with moms.
And just know I'm gonna be flirting.
Might even spank a little tush.
You gonna... my mom's ass?
What's the matter with you? We're
gonna talk about that later.
But do me a favor?
Throw my boy Jimbo a bone.
He wants to feel
like he's a threat.
- I got it. All right.
- Okay. bye. I'll call you.
- Bye.
- You outta here?
- Yeah. see ya.
- See ya.
It's so hard being
in your house. man.
I can't stop picturing all
the hot love you two made.
Thanks. man.
What the fuck?
Derek. is this your dog?
Yeah. it's Mac's new beer.
I love it. Don't tell Liz.
It'll make her even crazier.
I've been married 27
years and suddenly.
my wife has been replaced
by some weird replica.
I know. it makes me feel like an
earthquake is coming or something.
Last night. she told me she always
sees me and always hears me.
- That's creepy.
- I don't want to be seen or heard. Right?
Relationships are tricky.
I hear you. man.
I mean. Gaby's great. but trying
to figure her out has been...
Let's just say there's
a lot of walls up.
- Tricky.
- Yeah.
- I met a woman today.
- A woman.
We really clicked.
Guess what I did?
- What?
- Nothing.
Not a thing.
It made me wonder if I'm ever gonna
be ready for something real. you know?
Don't say that. Jim.
You're. like. a full-time Jimmy?
- It makes me feel boyish.
- No. it works.
You know. things
can change. James.
As a therapist. I believe that.
But I've also seen people who
live a certain way for so long.
they never seem to get
past their roadblocks.
Hey. bud. I'm sorry to barge
in. I'm just here to crash.
Hey. Come here.
You know how sometimes the correct
thing to do is right in front of me.
and because I'm a dickhead.
it takes me too long to do it?
It's one of your most
endearing qualities.
Well. before I met you.
I thought I was living the
best version of my life.
I was thriving at work.
reconnecting with my family.
a little something-something
with the lady down the street.
What lady down the street?
Where exactly did she live?
She moved.
So. the point is. I never thought
there would be a new best version.
Move in with me.
I kind of already did.
Half my clothes
are already here.
I've been putting out
pictures. and I've just...
I've been waiting
for you to catch up.
Who the fuck are those people?
That's my sister and her kids.
Who the fuck do
you think they are?
I thought they came
with the frame.
Oh. Paul.
You good?
Yeah. I'm good.
Okay. I'll be back.
I can't decide if I should bring
your grandpa's favorite old armchair
or put it in storage.
Mom. is that the fart chair?
You should burn that.
Why you still got it?
He used to blow this thing up.
You're not bringing
it. That's crazy.
Aw. come on. now.
- Hold on. Mom. I got to take this.
- Okay.
What's up. boss man?
I got a new roommate.
What? No way.
I just wanted to thank you
for giving me the courage.
I gotta go. Julie's here.
Hey. pace yourself.
Make sure you stretch too.
You too old for all that
messing around. all right?
Good night.
Baby. have you seen the
packing tape? I just had it.
What is it. honey?
- Mom. I love you so much. but...
- I love you too.
I don't think you
should move in with me.
I think you'll be a lot happier here.
closer to your friends and your life.
And I'm gonna set you up too.
I'll get you a full-time caretaker.
I'll visit a lot more than I used to.
which. you know. I definitely
already should've been doing.
Like... And I know that I really
screwed this whole thing up
by not saying anything sooner.
but I really. really. really think
that this is the right thing.
For the both of us.
I hope that you understand.
Mom?
I think maybe you
should just go.
- You done made up your mind.
- Mom.
You said what you have
to say. Now just go.
I'm sorry.
So am I.
Great birthday for Alice. buddy.
Even if she was only
there for the beginning.
Thanks. Derek.
Yeah. I feel good.
You should.
You're a good daddy.
I appreciate that. but
don't call me daddy.
- Hey. Sean! This cake is delicious!
- Thanks. D.
Is it a mix. or is
it from scratch?
Are you out here yelling
about cake at 11-fucking-30?
Have you lost your mind?
Finish that out there.
If you get crumbs in my
bed. I will kill you.
You okay?
I'm just happy.
You told him not to talk to me?
Even when you knew
it was helping me?
I can't fucking believe you.
Way to ruin another birthday.
Sweetie.
Al... Fuck!